Documentation cleanup (#2008)
unitaryfund/mitiq: docs/source/examples/braket_mirror_circuit.md

(examples/braket_mirror_circuit/define-the-circuit)=
## Define the circuit

> We use mirror circuits to benchmark the performance of the device. Mirror circuits, introduced in <https://arxiv.org/abs/2008.11294>, are designed such that only one bitstring should be sampled. When run on a device, any other measured bitstrings are due to noise. The frequency of the correct bitstring is our target metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use mirror circuits to benchmark the performance of the device. Mirror circuits, introduced in {cite}`Proctor_2021_NatPhys`, are designed such that only one bitstring should be sampled. When run on a device, any other measured bitstrings are due to noise. The frequency of the correct bitstring is our target metric.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/pull/2008/commits/1caa9a72880c82dcbae5c6f497bf199decbaa74f
